docs: Add "previous versions" page (#7147)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/other-versions.mdx

---
title: Other versions of Apollo Server
---

## Apollo Server 4 is generally available

Apollo Server 4 is the latest version of Apollo Server and is [generally available](/resources/product-launch-stages#general-availability). Apollo considers Apollo Server 4 to be ready for use in a production environment and provides official support. There is currently no planned end-of-life date.

## Previous deprecated versions

> 

Reviewer: Could we also link to the docs page for discontinuing support somewhere in this article?

I feel like a note right here could feel good:

```suggestion

> [Learn more about deprecation and end-of-life.](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/resources/product-launch-stages#stages-for-discontinuing-support)

```

Both previous major versions of Apollo Server are currently [deprecated](/resources/product-launch-stages#deprecated) with end-of-life scheduled for **October 22, 2023**. Additionally, some features of Apollo Server v2 have an earlier end-of-life date of **December 31st, 2022**.

> Deprecated versions continue to receive security patches and updates to address major regressions until their end-of-life date. They typically do not receive new features and other kinds of bug fixes may or may not be backported to deprecated versions at Apollo's discretion.

Author: That's the word we use in the actual policy, so I felt like I should use the same word?

> Deprecated versions continue to receive security patches and updates to address major regressions until their end-of-life date. They typically do not receive new features and other kinds of bug fixes may or may not be backported to deprecated versions at Apollo's discretion.

Reviewer: Oh, let's use "major" then! Thanks for that context

### Apollo Server 2

[Apollo Server 2](/apollo-server/v2/) is deprecated and will transition to end-of-life on **October 22, 2023**. We encourage all users of Apollo Server 2 to upgrade to Apollo Server 4 now, by first following the [v3 migration guide](/apollo-server/v3/migration) and then following the [v4 migration guide](./migration). Note that Apollo Server 2 and 3 used a variety of npm packages such as `apollo-server`, `apollo-server-core`, and `apollo-server-express`; Apollo Server 4 combines these packages into a single new [`@apollo/server` package](./migration/#the-new-apolloserver-package).

Each part of the upgrade may require several changes to your server depending on which Apollo Server features you use, but in general the changes required for the v3 upgrade and the changes for the v4 upgrade are to separate parts of the Apollo Server API. We recommend you upgrade all the way to v4 as soon as possible, but you will likely find it easiest to structure this as first upgrading to v3 and then (once everything works) to v4 as a second step.

> Additionally, three features of Apollo Server 2 have an earlier end-of-life date: **December 31, 2022**. These features are [subscriptions](/apollo-server/v2/data/subscriptions/), [file uploads](/apollo-server/v2/data/file-uploads/), and [GraphQL Playground](/apollo-server/v2/testing/graphql-playground/). These features are based on third-party software that is unmaintained (or in the case of file uploads, based on an older version that cannot be upgraded for compatibility reasons), and are no longer part of the default experience in Apollo Server 3 or 4. Apollo does not promise that security issues or major regressions to these features will be addressed after 2022. In other words, issues that cannot be reproduced when a server is initialized with `new ApolloServer({ subscriptions: false, uploads: false, playground: false })` may not be addressed after 2022.

Reviewer: I think a list helps break up this content and makes it all flow a bit better. I also tweaked the bottom paragraph for style:
```suggestion
Three features of Apollo Server 2 have an earlier end-of-life date: **December 31st, 2022**. These three features are:
* [Subscriptions](/apollo-server/v2/data/subscriptions/)
* [File uploads](/apollo-server/v2/data/file-uploads/) 
* [GraphQL Playground](/apollo-server/v2/testing/graphql-playground/). 

These features incorporate third-party software that is unmaintained (or can't be upgraded for compatibility reasons). Additionally, these features aren't in the default experiences of either Apollo Server 3 or 4. Apollo generally won't support these features' security issues or significant regressions after 2022. In other words, problems that are solved when a server is initialized with `new ApolloServer({ subscriptions: false, uploads: false, playground: false })` might not be addressed after 2022.
```
